v0.3.2 (#388)
pmarsceill/just-the-docs: docs/tests/navigation/exclude/untitled.md

---
layout: default
---
# Untitled

> This page has no `title`, and should not appear in the navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page does not have a `title`, and it is excluded from the navigation -- unless it is located in a Jekyll collection (which provides default titles). To exclude a title-less page from the navigation, regardless of whether it is located in a collection, set `nav_exclude: true`.
```

Reviewer: @pmarsceill the untitled page appears in the navigation tests when the test pages are moved to a collection, so the original text here was a bit misleading.
